Q3. Write the code for a function to remove a particular word from a sentence in any 2
scripting language (Python, NodeJS or Groovy are recommended, but any scripting
language is allowed). Additionally, write a suite of unit tests for the function in both
languages, using the automated test library of your choice.

For this problem I chose to implement the function in Python and NodeJS.
I have much less experience with Python, so I took this as an opportunity to get familiar with the testing frameworks.

My original implementation and test suite was done in NodeJS.  

ASSUMPTIONS:
the script language/runtime I chose had an appropriate function library from replacing test.
I did not take into consideration the runtime performance for this.  
I used a basic string replacement function.
(see: remove_word.js)
 
To prove this worked, I wanted both an automated test suite, and manual driver I could launch from a shell.
The shell script was a helpful way to interactively do some tests, and prove out that I'd properly exported the function.
(see: shell_remove_word.js)

Finally the test suite uses the Mocha framework.  One of my favorite things about mochas is the clear console results output it has.
This is convenient for CI/CD build pipelines where you often have to remove console logs.
(see: test/test_remove_word.js)

The tests I chose to implement are not exhaustive, but instead cover a diversity of input parameters.
(output from "npm test" is below):

  remove word from sentence
    happy path
      √ simple case
    edge case
      √ longer with punctuation
    edge case
      √ single word
    i18n
      √ traditional Chinese
    i18n
      √ French


  5 passing (45ms)

Being satisfied with the mechanics of my project, I then set out to implement this in Python.
The respective source file parallel everything I did in NodeJS.

Please see:
remove_word.py
shell_remove_word.py
test_remove_word.py

To execute please run:

python -m unittest

I also came across an easy to use code coverage tool for python:

$ coverage run test_remove_word.py
.....
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 5 tests in 0.002s

OK

$ coverage report test_remove_word.py
Name                  Stmts   Miss  Cover
-----------------------------------------
test_remove_word.py      15      0   100%

  